Add section about engine performance (#8)
YetAnotherSpieskowcy/Carcassonne-Documentation: engine_architecture.tex

During the measurement, a test for a specific feature places tiles consisting of
only that specific feature. For each feature, two testing strategies were used:
\begin{itemize}
	\item a test with a single game where each tile is placed on the right of the previous one,
          resulting in a long row of tiles consisting of that feature,
    \item a test with many shorter (in terms of the tile count) games,
          each ending with a short row of tiles consisting of that feature.
\end{itemize}

\subsubsection{Engine request tests}

The aim of the engine request tests is to measure the time of both the game processing
and the abstraction on top of it that the agents use. The time measured here reflects
how long the agent has to wait on requests to get responses. The individual tests measure
specific requests from the ones documented in the earlier section (\ref{communication}).

Each request is tested by simulating 100 semi-random games. In each turn, for each game instance,
the tested request is called and the total execution of the request is measured.
If the tested request mutates the game, it is evaluated on a temporary copy.

\subsubsection{Improving performance}

> After evaluating the performance numbers as well as testing the whole system with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After evaluating the performance as well as testing the whole system with
```

an agent implementation, we've observed that the efficiency of the engine does not
realistically allow us to train an agent with a full standard tile set (72 tiles).
The expansion of a tree by just one level was already proving to be problematic.
To mitigate this, we worked on improving the engine's performance.

We found and implemented a few ideas for enhancing the efficiency of the system:
\begin{itemize}
	\item allowing to compare tile and placed tile types without needing to convert one to another,
    \item updating the null logger implementation to be a full no-op,
    \item allowing the engine to receive requests from the agent on multiple threads,
    \item changing the tile representation to simple integers of a constant size (i.e. no slices)
          that can be operated on with bitwise operations,
    \item holding just the shield count rather than the exact positions of shields in cities,
    \item decreasing the size of enum types such as feature type and shield flag to a single byte,

>     \item decreasing the size of the position to a single-byte integer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item decreasing the size of X and Y position coordinates to single-byte integers.
```

(position itself was decreased from two int16 to two int8, so it's still not single-byte)
